so the best things the best way to improve your chances of getting into
grad school are to have the right experience for the programs that
you're applying Thio to have good letters of recommendation and toe
have a very well crafted personal statement. So for the first one having
the experience, this is why you want to do things like you wanna
work with a faculty member. You want to do research, you want to
get some practical experience in the field into which you are, you know,
interested in pursuing a graduate degree because that is going
to look really good on your application. Um, and it will distinguish
you from people who you know don't have experience in the field. Um,
you wanna have good letters of recommendation again? This is why it's
really important to cultivate relationships with potential mentors
with faculty members with employers, people who you can turn to later
and ask for a positive strong letter of recommendation. And then
finally, you want a well crafted personal statement. Eso you wanna
make sure you've got really excellent writing skills and then you also
want to take it and and have other people look at it and give you
feedback on it. And so this is another place where mentors, uh, come,
come in really handy is you could send them drafts and say, Hey,
you know, how does this look to you? Do you have any suggestions for
improvement? So I think that those are the things that will increase
your chances the most of getting into graduate school.